one
2 hello and welcome back to learn
English with
Minecraft this is the series where I
teach English while trying to beat
Minecraft and I'm going to start digging
down right here because I think there's
a strong C down there let's use my
diamond shovel and start
digging I'm going to start digging a
staircase
down did I bring
torches no I forgot to bring torches
with
me great well hopefully I can find some
coal down
here hey it's coal awesome I can use my
fortune
pickaxe to pick up a bunch of
coal
Coal that was a lot of coal so now I can
build a bunch of
torches 52 torches
and we have
lights okay let's continue digging
down still no
stronghold but I'll continue digging
H
aha I think I found the stronghold these
blocks are stone
bricks and strongholds are made of stone
bricks
okay here we
go the
[Music]
stronghold all right oh a chest I
already found a
chest all right I'm going to begin
exploring this stronghold what's inside
this chest let's
see an iron chest plate woohoo and some
bread
okay these are jail cells look at the
bars
mhm anything
inside H I don't see anything these are
iron doors they're not wooden doors no
they're iron doors and in order to open
an iron door it needs to be connected to
a button or a lever or something like
that this iron door is connected to a
button right here I'll push the button
and the door will
open push the
button
ah and the door
opens
open okay let's continue
exploring
open
ooh there's some light in this
[Music]
room H there's a ladder right here I'm
going to climb up this ladder to see
what's up there here we
go a
chest all right what's
inside more bread and some iron
okay all right back down the
ladder
open
whoa okay there's nothing up here what
about down here also
nothing well there's nothing in this
room let's open this door
open I'll place a
torch there's also nothing in
[Music]
here
o that was a creepy
sound whoa okay let's go down this
winding
[Music]
staircase
well the winding staircase LED
here so it led to Nowhere all right back
up
open ah
open all
right what's down
here
torch ooh more jail
cells I'm going to break these
bars all right let's open this
door O Okay this staircase goes up let's
go up the
staircase and once again the staircase
leads to
nothing there's nothing up
here
push okay another
staircase
[Music]
okay a staircase that goes
down down we
go I hear
zombies more jail
cells right here the stronghold connects
to a Cave System this is a Cave
System
okay I still haven't found the end
portal yet so I need to continue
searching I'll place a
torch let's open this door push a
staircase ooh is that a
library there are lots of bookshelves
over there I think it's a library I'll
build a little Bridge
a
chest an apple and more
bread all
right wow so many
bookshelves and there are also lots of
cobwebs
around a
chest who a smithing template eye armor
trim I'll take that
um I'll throw away an
egg an enchanted book with power three
loyalty three and smite 4 this is a
great book I'll pick it
up and I'll throw
away uh I'll throw away 10
bamboo are there any other secret chests
around here
chests I haven't seen
any a
ladder
ah let's climb up the ladder
up
aha another
chest wow another enchanted book
Infinity loyalty 3 protection three and
power three wow I'll throw away the
Flint another smithing
template look at the chandelier right
there in the
library all right down the
ladder let's continue looking for the
end portal all right over the bridge
goodbye
Library let's open this
door what another
Library okay there are two libraries in
this stronghold well I'll look for
chests with more enchanted
books aha a
chest wow this chest has three enchanted
books in
it wow I'm going to need to throw away a
lot of things from my
inventory ladder all right let's go up
the
ladder up up
up
chests
aha another enchanted
book all right I'll throw the iron and
another smithing
template goodbye crafting
table okay well let's exit this Li
Library
open open whoa oh
skeletons die
die d
d okay wow look at this
Fountain let's open this door open
another
staircase
aha It's the End Portal uh-oh die die
die die
ah
die Place torches torches torches hey
hey hey hey hey
ah
die die
[Music]
whoa uh-oh
uh-oh H torches come
on
torches torches
torches stop
spawning
stop
okay cool this is the end
portal Oh I thought another one spawned
the end
portal so now I need to Take My Eyes of
Ender and place them in each
of these blocks like
this oh
no oh
no
what no no no no no no no no no uhoh
uhoh uhoh I'm going to destroy
this run run run run
run
die
die die I'm so
close I just need two more Eyes of Ender
for these
blocks can I put an ender pearl
in no no okay well I'm going to make a
staircase back up to the surface so I
can go back home to pick up two more
Eyes of
Ender I'll make a staircase right
here up we
go the
surface all right I'm on the
surface
um right here I'm going to build a tall
tower with torches on top so I can find
this place again in the
future so I'll build a tall
tower all right and I'll put torches on
top
torches
torches all right and I'll jump on top
of that tree
jump all right and I'll jump over to
those
Vines all
right
parkour all right my tower is complete
now it's time to head back
home okay my home is this way run run
run oh I'm
close
aha it's my
home
all right
finally and it's
raining here we go
[Music]
dive I need to stop doing that
home close the
doors okay I need two more Eyes of
Ender but while I'm here I'll put away
all of these enchanted books and
smithing
templates all right I cleared out a lot
of space in my
inventory well I need two more ender
pearls and the best place to find Ender
Pearls is in the
nether the nether it's time to look for
some Enderman I know where a bunch of
Endermen hang
out right over here
Enderman aha there's an
Enderman
die
die die die
die okay did it drop an ender pearl yes
it
did okay I need to eat eat all right I'm
healing time to look for more
Enderman
aha come on Enderman
dip di okay another ender pearl this
bridge is really scary to walk
across there are usually lots of
Enderman
here hello uh-oh
two okay two more I'm up to four ender
pearls back across this scary
bridge and back to my
portal all right my portal
uhoh
all right back to the real
world I'm going to turn two blaze rods
into four blaze
powder put away the blaze rods now I'll
combine these four ender pearls with
these four Blaze powders to make Four
Eyes of
Ender all
right now I'm ready to go back to the
end
portal let's
go
oh first I'm going to
sleep all right morning the rain is
stopping back to the Jungle to find the
end portal again this time I'm using my
boat I'm not going to forget my boat
this
time all right back to these tall
mountains I'm getting close there are
jungle trees here and I
remember this pool of
lava I'm getting
close I need to go this way all right
well I'm back here in the jungle
which means I need to start searching
for my tower with torches on
top it's somewhere around
[Music]
here oh my
tower phew I finally found my stone
tower all
right
awesome here's my staircase let's go
down we're going to the end
portal here we
are the end portal I'm going to place
these last two Eyes of
Ender one
two and there we go the end portal is
complete
all right in the next video I'm going to
fight the Ender
Dragon and I'm going to end this video
right here thank you so much for
watching if you liked this video you
could click the like button or subscribe
to my channel and as always I will see
you in the next video see
you ER and
taller bring forth your half full glass